{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16440\viewh14520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Calibration procedure \
Calibration (computation of the correction factor between measured and expected output) is a very important process and its correct performance results in the overall desired precision. \
Even when the power meter measures the current and voltage with the maximum error 0.5%, we need to perform calibration on an even higher level of accuracy. If this is not done, calibrate the meter with the error of 0.5%, in the worst case (over the whole measured range) the maximum error may be an additional 0.5%, which results in an error of 1%\uc0\u8232 (0.5 + 0.5) in total. This means that the measured value should be used for calibration after its error is the lowest possible. This happens after averaging the value over a longer period of time. Calibration is performed, in this case, after the collection of data (RMS voltage, RMS current, instant active and reactive power) over 64 periods of mains (a bit more than one second or 50 Hz). If the error during the calibration process reduces to 0.1%, in the worst case there is an error of 0.6%, (0.1 + 0.5) in total over all the tests. \
The calibration procedure consists of these steps: \
\
	1.	Connecting the STM32 meter to precise power supply. \uc0\u8232 \
	2.	Setting nominal current for lower range (5 A) current and nominal voltage (230 V). \uc0\u8232 \
	3.	After the power supply stabilizes (refer to the voltage and current source specifications), wait for an additional two seconds at least (in order to collect enough calibration data). \uc0\u8232 \
	4.	Pressing the button (number 4) on the meter keyboard. \uc0\u8232 \
	5.	Setting nominal current for higher meter range (40 A) and nominal voltage (230 V). \uc0\u8232 \
	6.	After the power supply stabilizes (refer to the voltage and current source specification), wait for an additional two seconds at least (in order to collect enough calibration data). \uc0\u8232 \
	7.	Pressing the button (number 4) on the meter keyboard. \uc0\u8232 \
	8.	After this procedure, all the calibrations are written into EEPROM and loaded after every power-up of the power meter. \uc0\u8232 \
}